1. admin can add menu for retaurant
2. cusine edit part issue fixed
3. Delivery charges add in backend so admin can change 15% or  5$ which is greater.
4. 15%, or 5$ which is greater will be delivery charges.
5. From retaurant remove both image aading image and Participate Meal
6. add new field in menu item special(only for aadining club)
7. show special menu item on front and add validation on them .
8. special menu item will show to all user but only aaadining memeber will buy this.
    -> this done on home page.
    -> also done on restaurant menu item page.
9. apply benefits of aaadining memeber on price
10. cod will be hide when we select pickup
11. Chat opiton show for vendor also(pending)
12. add aaadining members list to admin panel
14. add new btn in admin users for login into their account
15. add new btn in admin restaurent for login into their account

1. Chat option changes will implimented both end vendor,delivery dashboard and customer order history(pending)
2. new payment option "Pay on account "
3. order biling management for Pay on account show it on both side admin and vendor 



new points 
1. 37.58 change 2for 1 meal process to : if retro have aaadining then show them here else not to show
2. Add new option dine in at retro menu 
3. Add new option pay on account option
4. when subscribed user first time buy from retro so restro get 10$ make DB and listing 
7. in chat option vendor also message user and delivery boy
5. 33.55 when user is not subscribed and he click on vip item then we redirect to page where all details and offer is listed of related retro.
8. before expire one m add cron job to send email to membrs that there memebership expiored
9. add restro name at aaadinnig members list
10. when a member register generate unique code for user and send email and invoice. send 2 email welcom and invoice 

comleted
1. onclick 2for1 option redirect to restro
2. Add new option dine in at retro menu 
3. if dine in billing details will hide 
4. add new "total discount" option in checkout (cart total).
5. redirect to retro page when click on "only for vip" from menu page.
6. new payment option "Pay on account"
7. make separate panel for completed orders of pay on account for both vendor and admin.
8. when subscribed user first time buy from retro so restro get 10$ make DB and listing
9. pay to vendors -> change payment status.
10. new panel from where you can add new vendor directly from admin panel. 
11. option to add restro for vendor.
14. About us page admin setup at setting
15. about us page make content dynamic at front.
16. before expire one m add cron job to send email to membrs that there memebership expiored and also when membership expired send email.(i need to access DB)(completed)
17. email template content are dynamic , we can change them from admin > setting page
18. add restro name at aaadinnig members list
19. when a member register generate unique code for user and send email and invoice. send 2 email welcom and invoice 

12. in chat option vendor also message user and delivery boy.(need to update database but i dont have access i tell aaditya so he can do that)

extra point
1. pay to vendors -> change payment status -> need to send notification to user and vendor
2. Need to mange all type of system user separate

